I am
terezinha r
d
in riverside
he was wrong
the oil
nobody
for him the best in the world
many millions took a fist
bieler
the oslo
the world
even with the good progress of the Palmeiras dome
united manganese
It's Sunday 1
miguel bombarda
other
after I went live
king momo
he
I have heard
at the time he denied
mary killman
on Sunday the global rural value
with the book theft
what was forbidden
Miguel
even though nevertheless heading for Uruguay
I was voted the best in the world
bombay delhi efe
only with the neighboring country
in Brazil
last night
in the middle of the crisis
How nice
the announcement occurred
he said
the linux
therefore
in July of 2010
like brother
according to the government
the europe